blaster-score:
August 28, 2011
	This project uses the "ping-pong" hardware board. It plays a game of
	throwing and catching the LED.

	The game starts off by illuminating the left-most LED. The game is
	waiting for a left button press to start the ball throw. If the
	right button is pressed instead the red LED flashes to indicate an
	invalid move.

	When the left button is pressed the illuminated LED shifts to the
	right one LED at a time (the ball is being thrown). Before the ball
	reaches the right-most LED the right button must be pressed to
	catch the ball. If the right button is pressed too early, left gets
	a point (i.e. the left score LED is lit) and the red LED blinks. If
	the right button is pressed too late the left score LED is illuminated
	to indicate left getting a point. Pressing the left button again
	during the throw is ignored.

	After the ball has been thrown from left to right, the right-most
	LED is blinked to indicate the game is now changing sides. The
	right-most LED is now illuminated and the game is waiting for the
	right button to be pressed to throw the ball to the left. Everything
	that happened going from left to right will now be valid again
	but with the left and right roles reversed.

	I keep calling this project "blaster" because at first I was thinking
	of it more like a laser being blasted from one side to the other, but
	I think the ball throwing and catching analogy is probably better.

blaster2:
August 22, 2011
	Using the buttons, bounce the ball left to right, then right to left,
	etc. The board starts with the left LED illuminated. Press the left
	button and the illuminated LED moves to the right one LED at a time
	(press the right button and the error LED blinks).

	Once the ball reaches the right side the logic reverses: now you press
	the right button to throw the ball to the other side and pressing the
	left button at this time blinks the red error LED.

blaster:
August  21, 2011
	Shoot a blast of length 3 LEDs from left to right by pressing the
	left button.

led1a:
August 2011
	Blink a pattern of 0x55/0xaa on the green LEDs. Mostly to test the
	delay routine and as a solder test to verify the LEDs are in the
	correct order. Also illuminate the red error LED.

led:
August 2011
	Turn on all the green LEDs. Mostly just a test to verify the solder
	work.
